Uni-President   Upgraded to Add from Reduce, 18% Upside
CIMB has upgraded food and beverage maker Uni-President   (220.HK) to add from reduce as hot wea r has boosted demand for its beverages.
3 Must Read Stories: Global Cyberattack, Toshiba Faces Shareholders, and WeChat Booms
Asian companies are waking up to   of ano r computer virus sweeping   world just a month after   WannaCry virus caused havoc with its ransomware.
South Korea Has No Plans to Reverse Deployment of US-Backed THAAD
South Korea's government says  re's no going back on a controversial, U.S.-backed missile defense system ahead of a summit with president Donald Trump later this week.
Alibaba $200 Coming On "Massive"   Retail Shift, Barclays Says
Barclays analysts raised  ir price target on Alibaba Group Holdings (BABA) to $175 from $141, implying upside of   than 20%. Alibaba shares pared   gains and were flat to higher in midday trading.
Can You Believe   's Tourism Data? On Lipstick, Airplanes & Real Estate
As official data showed   travel spending increased, data in   places where those tourists were spending -- on luxury brands or on pricey destinations -- showed declining   tourist trends.
Novo Nordisk Wagers Sales Growth Will Offset Price Cuts In  
Danish pharmaceutical company Novo Nordisk A/S is betting that wider uptake of its products in   will offset price reductions required by     government.
  City: Cyberattacks Hit Major Companies, Brussels Moves to Rein in Tech, Carney Eyes Risks Ahead
Good afternoon from     City desks in London.   City is   app that delivers fast, smart   on mobile for London.   for iPhone or
     :   's Facial Recognition ID's Citizens and Soon May Score  ir Behavior
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  . Imagine a world in which every aspect of your behavior can be captured by a camera, and ...
    Ledger: Senate Health Plan Would Leave Out 22 Million   Than ACA
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed for free.
  Stocks: Credit Suisse Says Be Cautious In Jittery Market
Investors in   stocks have been unnerved by increased government scrutiny on aggressive acquirers like Anbang, HNA, Wanda and Fosun, with Credit Suisse telling clients to be cautious amid   uncertainty.
Iron Ore Rallies After   's Premier Says No Hard Landing
Iron prices surged on Tuesday after   premier Li Keqiang told   World Economic Forum in Dalian  re would be no hard landing in   world's   largest economy.
 's Daily Shot: Markets Like   Idea of a Solar-Panel Border Wall
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
Buying One of   's Hottest Auto Stocks Is About to Get Cheaper
Fortescue Metals Group: RBC Downgrades, Cuts Target Price by 38%, Lowers Iron Ore Forecast
Australian iron ore producer Fortescue Metals Group (FMG.AU) has been cut to sector-perform from outperform and its price target slashed 38% by RBC Capital Markets.
Why Nomura Is Bullish on Hong Kong Office Buildings
Hong Kong is known for having   world's most expensive office spaces. But that hasn't stopped Nomura taking a bullish view on   market. Analyst Joyce Kwok expects grade-A office rents in Hong Kong's Central district to enjoy ano r 12 ...
3 Must Read Stories: Amazon Threat Overhyped, a Red-Hot Stock Fund, Xi Visits Hong Kong
Amazon's plans to roll out a full service offering in Australia has seen retail stocks get pummeled but one leading analyst reckons   threat from   U.S. e-commerce giant has been overhyped.
Corruption Currents: Brazil's President Calls Bribery Charges 'Fiction'
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
Emerging Market Bonds: It's Not Over, Don't Hug Index, BlackRock Says
BlackRock's emerging markets bond team expects   volatility for investors after six months of strong inflows and decent returns.  y point to "very strong" returns year to date through June 20: hard-currency (mostly dollar-denominated) ...
French Utility Engie Looking to Expand in   ; Company formerly known as GDF Suez could consider acquisitions, panda bonds
Engie SA,   French utility formerly known as GDF Suez, is seeking to expand its footprint in  , and will consider purchasing a company with existing assets in   country.
Nvidia's Re-purposed Crypto Cards Could be Trouble for AMD, Says Susquehanna
Susquehanna Financial Group's Christopher Rolland today chimes in with some interesting details on   emerging market for chips for crypto-currencies, such as E r and Bitcoin, where both Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) and Nvidia (NVDA) ...
  's Furry Bamboo Muncher Coming To a Table Near You
Everyone knows that  's famous bamboo muncher ¡V   Giant Panda ¡V is big business and a key, cuddly component in   diplomacy. Some entrepreneurial   farmers are hoping to make big profits from ano r bamboo eater,   ...
Russia Bond Auction: 9.4% Yield, Oversubscribed
  government of Russia announced   results of ano r bond auction Wednesday that show demand exceeding   offered value by a multiple of nearly 3 times.
Alibaba Ups Stake In Lazada's 6-Nation Asia E-Commerce Hub
Alibaba Group Holding (BABA) said Wednesday that it will raise its stake in Singapore-based online shopping play Lazada Group. Alibaba shares were up fractionally in early trading.
    Risk Report: Supreme Court May Clarify Whistleblower Protections
  U.S. Supreme Court will, during its next term, consider whe r tipsters who only report misconduct at  ir companies, and not to   Securities and Exchange Commission, are entitled to   protections  y receive under   Dodd-Frank...
Caterpillar: Keep On Digging?
Shares of Caterpillar (CAT) have soared this year as investors bet on a recovery among its customers. Should investors be worried that expectations are getting ahead of  mselves?
    Ledger: UPS to Freeze Pensions as Overall Obligations Rise
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed for free.
CRRC: New Train to End Orders Drought?
  rolling stock giant CRRC (1766.HK) has been suffering from an orders drought since   end of 2015 as it switched from making one type of locomotive to ano r.
Pou Sheng Could Rise 50%, Says Daiwa
Shares in   sportswear retailer Pou Sheng International (3813. HK) could rise by up to 50% as investors forget  ir hang-ups about previous corporate governance problems at this small cap.
CFOs Remain Optimistic, with a Focus on Offense Over Defense: CFO Signals
Deloitte's CFO Signals survey for     quarter of 2017 reveals chief financial officers representing many of    's largest and most influential companies continue to be optimistic about   current and future states of major...
 's Daily Shot: Increasingly Hawkish Central Banks Rattle Global Markets
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
3 Must Read Stories:   Expands South   Sea Bases, Alibaba's Echo Rival, Weibo's Video Crackdown
Tensions between Beijing and Washington could be set to rise after new analysis showed     military has expanded its facilities on its controversial man-made islands in   South   Sea.
  Manufacturing PMI Accelerates
 's manufacturing activity accelerated in June, surprising many who had expected to see signs of slowing growth in   world's   largest economy.
Oil Stuck at $47: Blame Nigeria, Libya & Frackers, Goldman Says
  fast ramp-up in U.S. shale drilling and   unexpectedly large rebound in oil production in Libya and Nigeria means oil is likely to hover at $45 per barrel in   near term, Goldman Sachs analysts says.
ETF Flopper: Gold and Silver Miners Lose Luster
Exchange traded funds tracking gold and silver mining companies flopped as gold and silver spot prices dipped. Sprott Gold Miners (SGDM) and Global X Silver Miners (SIL) declined 2.9% apiece on Thursday. Meanwhile Sprott Junior Gold Miners ...
Brexit & Beyond: Bankers Baffled by Brexit, Eurozone Confidence at Post-Crisis High,  resa May's Red Line
Brexit & Beyond: Europe in Flux is   Wall Street Journal's round-up of   and analysis of how Brexit will affect global business, economies and finance. You can sign up here.
4 Refiner Picks For "Lost Decade" in Asia
It may be a lost decade for oilfield services in Asia, but some refiners are attractive, J.P. Morgan says in a fresh note. Oil prices were flat in recent trading, with   international Brent price at $47.30 per barrel.   United States Oil...
Alcoa:   to Come?
Alcoa (AA) has gained 16% this year but only 8% since Gabelli analyst Justin Bergner named   stock a top pick on Dec. 15, lagging   S&P 500's 10% return during   same period. Does that mean Bergner is reconsidering his decision to ...
Capital Journal Daybreak: A Senate Health Bill Provision You Might Not Have Heard About
HIGHLIGHTS * Provision in Senate Health Bill Could Be a Boon to Insurers * Senate Republicans Scramble to Rework Health Bill * As Partial Travel Ban Takes Effect, First Impact to Be Felt Abroad
     : Amazon-Whole Foods Deal Pressures Grocers With New Delivery Prowess
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  . Amazon.com Inc.'s plan to buy Whole Foods Market Inc. is putting pressure on grocery companies...
    Ledger: Companies Pressed to Disclose   Climate Change Risks
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed for free.
Panel Urges Firms to Disclose Climate Risk Provisions¡XEnergy Journal
Here's your   jolt of  , insight and analysis on   global energy business. Send us tips, suggestions and complaints: EnergyJournal@ .com. Sign up for this  letter: http://on. .com/EnergyJournalSignup
Uranium: Why It Can Rally Back to $70
Uranium prices may be trading around $20.50 a pound,   highest level in a month, but  re is little to celebrate given   nuclear fuel is trading at a fraction of   $150 a pound it fetched in 2007.
  Oil Stocks Upgraded, Rotate From Sinopec Into CNOOC
 's oil sector has been upgraded to positive from neutral by Maybank Kim Eng despite   pummeling being handed out to oil prices.   brokerage downgraded   sector in January but believes   sector has underperformed enough to make ...
  's Gas Stock Rally Still Has Plenty of Energy
Shares in  's gas distributors have rallied   than 30% in recent weeks as   government pushes towards   use of gas instead of coal.
 's Daily Shot: U.S. Oil Production Suddenly Slows
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
Finisar, Applied Opto Join Davidson's Fiber-Optic Pan on
D.A. Davidson's Mark Kelleher late yesterday initiated coverage of three   fiber-optic component names, Applied Optoelectronics (AAOI), Finisar (FNSR), and NeoPhotonics (NPTN), starting   former two at a Buy and     one at ...
  Weekend Reader: Three-Must Reads
Every weekend we select a handful of in-depth articles we think are worth a bit of your time, ei r because  y peel back   layers on a compelling business story, or somehow make us look at business in a different light.
Venezuela Selling Gold, Goldman Selling Venezuela Bonds?
Venezuela is nearly broke but still has a great deal of gold, which accounts for three quarters of its foreign reserves of just   than $10 billion.
Eight Charts That Show How   Market Defied Expectations
With     quarter coming to a close, MoneyBeat takes a look at how some of   major asset classes have performed relative to expectations so far in 2017.
  City: U.K. Households Squeezed, Oil Price Outlook Darkens
Good afternoon from     City desks in London.   City is   app that delivers fast, smart   on mobile for London.   for iPhone or
Yum   2Q Earnings Preview: After   Fireworks
  day after   U.S. Independence Day, Yum   Holdings (YUMC) reports  -quarter earnings, but don't expect   fireworks.     restaurant carve-out from Yum Brands (YUM), which operates KFC, Pizza Hut and o r concepts, ...
 re Are Many Reasons to Own Tesla.   's Not One of  m.
  week,   broke that Tesla (TSLA) was in talks to build a factory in  . But don't expect   to provide a big boost to Tesla's shares, according to a new Morgan Stanley report.
    Risk Report: Compromise Emerging in Dual-Class Shares Debate
In   debate over   merit of dual-class shares,  re is a middle-of- -road option: an expiration date for such structures, according to corporate governance specialists.
     : Artificial Intelligence Plays Growing Role in Policing, Enforcing Social Norms
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  . Artificial intelligence is playing a growing role around   world in police work and   ...
Capital Journal Daybreak: Republicans Clash Over Health Bill,  
HIGHLIGHTS * GOP Operative Sought Clinton Emails From Hackers, Implied a Connection to Flynn * Republicans Clash Again Over Senate Health-Care Bill
    Ledger: SEC Announces New Policy to Spur IPOs
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed for free.
Allianz Makes Digital Push
Allianz SE,   German insurance giant, is looking to spend around £á650 million ($743 million) annually on digitizing its business, said   company's chief digital officer.
Can   Oil, Iron Ore Rally  ?
Oil and iron ore prices have bounced over   past few days as   U.S. dollar has weakened, but can   rally  ? Maybe not says ANZ's senior commodity strategist Daniel Hynes, who is concerned about inventories weighing on prices:
This Week on   Frontiers, July 1st 2017
  than $1 billion that Mozambique raised in international markets with   help of two major banks can't be fully accounted for by   state-owned companies that benefited from   funds,   auditing and risk-assessment company Kroll ...
Saying Goodbye: A   Supper from   Real Time
"Under heaven," wrote   Ming Dynasty poet Feng Menglong, " re's no such thing as a never-ending feast." Mr. Feng was probably onto something.
A Stock Investor's Guide to     Bond Market
It's now easier for foreign investors to own a piece of  's $9 trillion bond market. Hong Kong's hotly anticipated Bond Connect platform launched this   to mark   latest step in  's efforts to liberalize its capital markets. ...
H-1B and Modi: India Real Time Reveals   Secret Reading Habits of India's Elite
India Real Time started in 2010 as   first attempt by a global  paper to offer a   product for Indian readers through   internet. Seven years and crores of clicks later,   Wall Street Journal is winding down   successful blog....
3 Must Read Stories: Alibaba Eyes Small Business, Hong Kong Bond Connect, U.S. Navy Upsets  
Alibaba founder Jack Ma has big plans for   e-commerce giant and that includes an assault on   banking industry through a push into finance and lending.








Imax   : Debunking Four Myths
Imax   (1970.HK) shares have been clobbered.   stock has plummeted 40% over   past two months as numerous concerns have weighed on   shares of     arm of   plus-sized cinema screen maker.
South Korea's Hynix Could Grab Stake in Toshiba's Chip Business
A deal for conglomerate Toshiba (6502.JP) to sell its chip-making business to   Japanese government and a private equity investor could eventually see South Korea's SK Hynix (000660. KR) pick up a stake in   unit,   Wall Street ...
 's Daily Shot: Tepid Consumer Spending? Not for Buyers of Luxury Boats and Private Planes
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
Hong Kong-   Bond Trading Link Gets Off to Quiet Start
A long-mooted bond trading link between Hong Kong and mainland   got underway Monday   to little fanfare from traders.   so-called Bond Connect gives foreign investors access to  's USD9 trillion onshore bond markets ¡V   ...
France's Total Set to Ink $1 Billion Deal With Tehran¡XEnergy Journal
Here's your   jolt of  , insight and analysis on   global energy business. Send us tips, suggestions and complaints: EnergyJournal@ .com. Sign up for this  letter: http://on. .com/EnergyJournalSignup
    Ledger: European Regulators Cause Headaches for Silicon Valley
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
     : VCs Pose Different Questions to Male, Female Entrepreneurs in Search of Funds
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  . A happy Fourth of July to all of our readers.       will take a break on ...
Capital Journal Daybreak: Health Bill, Travel Ban, South   Seas
HIGHLIGHTS * Republican Senators Face Pushback From Governors on   Health Bill * Trump's Travel Ban: A Moot Point at   Supreme Court? * With ISIS on   Run, an Unexpected Leader Emerges in Iraq
Viavi in   Pole Position in '3-D Sensing,' Says Rosenblatt
Jun Zhang with Rosenblatt Securities believes that Viavi Solutions (VIAV) is seeing increasingly good trends for its optical filters in devices that perform "3-D sensing," including Apple's (AAPL) iPhone.
Emerging Markets Caution: Watch Inflation & Currency, BBH Warns
Emerging market central banks may remain dovish with data expected to show lower inflation for June, but caution is warranted on EM assets near term, Brown Bro rs Harriman warns.
Amazon.com Completes Souq.com Deal: Alibaba Watching?
Amazon.com (AMZN) completed its $650 million purchase of privately-held Dubai-based Middle East online retailer Souq.com, according to TechCrunch.
  Currency: Are Investors Too Underweight   Yuan?
Global managers of reserves may need to start holding     yuan, which still stands in   shadow of   U.S. dollar and   Euro as a reserve currency.
Corruption Currents: KPMG Rejects Allegations of Role in South African Scandal
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
Oil 'Stuck In A Range,' Buy E&Ps & Emerging Market Energy, BlackRock Says
While   expected rebalancing of oil supply and demand is taking longer than BlackRock strategists thought,   price rally in recent days seems to have fueled  ir fresh sentiment: buy beaten-down exploration companies including ...
Johnson Controls CEO Sees Benefits in   Expansion
Pledges by   Premier Li Keqiang to create a level playing field for both   and international firms make foreign investors   confident, said Alex Molinaroli, chairman and chief executive officer of Johnson Controls ...
3 Must Read Stories: Goldman Says Bitcoin Can Rally 50%,   Warns U.S., Why Wheat Is Rallying
Can Bitcoin rally 52% to $3,915? Goldman Sachs thinks so.   digital currency's awesome run over recent years has seen it gain in popularity, with this week's print edition of Barron's featuring a cover story on Bitcoin. CNBC has a story ...
Tencent to Limit Playing Time of Honor of Kings for Children Amid Addiction Concerns
 's Tencent (700.HK) says it has taken steps to curb addiction to its online games by limiting   number of hours children can play per day.
  Internet Stocks: Goldman Sachs Ponders 5 Big Questions
  BAT stocks ¡V Baidu (BIDU), Alibaba (BABA) and Tencent (700.HK) ¡V have been getting plenty of attention from investors looking for  's answer to U.S. FANG (Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google) stocks.




















Tencent's E-book Unit Files for Hong Kong IPO
Tencent (700.HK) subsidiary   Literature,  's largest online publisher and e-book provider, has filed for an initial public offering in Hong Kong which could raise as much as $800 million.
3 Must Read Stories:   's Massive Deal Debts, India's Big Coal Bet, Chocolate Lovers Beware
  deal-making binge of   companies has been fueled by an appetite for debt but   bills are now coming due. Bloomberg has an excellent story looking at   massive ...
 's Daily Shot: Spending on Hotel Construction Has Flatlined
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
  City: Fed Could Delay Rate Rise, Korea Tensions,   Problem With Bank Stocks
Good   from     City desks in London.   City is   app that delivers fast, smart   on mobile for London.   for iPhone or
Alibaba Added to Conviction Buy List
Alibaba (BABA) has been added to   conviction buy list of brokerage UOB Kay Hian, joining o r   internet stocks Tencent (700.HK) and Ctrip (CTRP).
    Risk Report: U.K. Crime Agency Readies for Asset Recovery Powers
  U.K. remains a favored destination for politically-exposed persons and money-launderers, with technological developments such as crypto currencies and e-wallets offering fraudsters new ways to commit crime and evade law enforcement, ...
    Ledger: Shake Shack's New CFO Finds Burgers ¡V And Sales ¡V Are Tough to Get Right
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
  Overcapacity Leads Saint-Gobain to Eliminate Product Lines
Amid growing price pressures in  , Compagnie de Saint-Gobain SA,   French building materials manufacturer, has chosen to exit several product categories, instead of accepting lower margins, said Javier Gimeno, head of   company's ...
     : Microsoft Reconfigures Sales Around   Cloud
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good   and welcome back. We hope everyone had a great 4th of July celebration. During     few ...
Apple: 'ARkit," 'CoreML' Point to Future Beyond iPhone 8, Says Instinet
Instinet's Jeffrey Kvaal this   reiterates a Buy rating on shares of Apple (AAPL), and a $165 price target, writing that Apple has "plenty of innovation" to offer new things after   presumed introduction of an "iPhone 8" this fall, ...
Nokia's Xiaomi Deal Shows Big Opportunity in   , Says Credit Suisse
Credit Suisse's Kulbinder Garcha this   reiterates an Outperform rating on shares of Nokia (NOK), and a $5.75 price target,  ing   announcement by   company that it has signed a deal with  's privately held mobile ...
  Mobile Downgrade: "Significant Deterioration" Ahead
Morgan Stanley downgraded shares of   Mobile by two notches saying that long-term returns are likely to suffer as a steep-and-long 5G spending cycle plays out.
  City PM: Vantiv Strikes $10 Billion Worldpay Deal, Lloyds Reshuffles Top Ranks, a New Way for Pay
Good afternoon from     City desks in London.   City is   app that delivers fast, smart   on mobile for London.   for iPhone or
Tech Today: Nvidia's Baidu Deal, Nokia's   Boost, Apple's Future Directions
Here are some things going on today in your world of tech: Nvidia (NVDA) stock is up $4.16, or 3%, at $143.49, after   company this   gave new details about a partnership with  's search engine giant Baidu (BIDU) to develop ...
Carnival: 3 Reasons For Smooth Sailing
Carnival (CCL) has been, well, cruising this year. Should investors expect choppier waters ahead? Perhaps not. Sure, Carnival's shares have gained 28% so far this year as it continued a rally that began in November. But Credit Suisse analyst...
Corruption Currents: Aide to Brazilian President Arrested in Graft Probe
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
Baidu-Nvidia Plan Latest in Expanding Self-Driving Constellation, Says Raymond James
As mentioned earlier today,  's search engine giant Baidu (BIDU) struck a partnership with chip vendor Nvidia (NVDA), and o r tech companies, to develop self-driving automobiles.
Yum   Sinks On Earnings Miss
Shares of Yum   Holdings (YUMC) slipped   than 5% after   close Wednesday  ing a fiscal  -quarter earnings report that was slightly below   consensus forecast.
Capital Journal Daybreak: Trump to Face Putin, Discuss   Korean Threat During Trip
HIGHLIGHTS * Seib: Trump, Putin Will Talk Against Backdrop of Broader Russian Mischief *   Korea, Putin Meeting Top Agenda For Trump's Trip
Great Wall Motor: Stock Surges on Morgan Stanley Upgrade
Shares of Great Wall Motor (2333.HK) were up as much as 9% this   after Morgan Stanley upgraded     car maker from equalweight to overweight.   stock is among   best performers in Hong Kong today.
3 Must Read Stories: Alibaba & JD.com Face Off In Indonesia, Tencent Eyes TV, India vs  
Just as Alibaba (BABA) and JD.com (JD) have squared off against each o r in  ,   two e-commerce giants are taking  ir fight to a new realm - Indonesia.
 's Daily Shot:  ns Increasingly Prefer Trucks to Cars
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
Fosun Shares Slump on Missing Chairman Rumors
Shares in entities tied to   conglomerate Fosun sank in Thursday trading on rumors chairman Guo Guangchang was missing. Hong Kong-listed Fosun International (656.HK), whose assets include package holiday provider Club Med, slipped as ...
  Korea and   Banks: It's Business as Usual; With its moves against Bank of Dandong,   U.S. Treasury may have only just...   's banking ties to   Korea.
For   banks, business is business¡Xsanctions or not. As tensions over   Korea escalate,   U.S. Treasury Department has slapped sanctions on Bank of Dandong, based near    -  Korea border, accusing   lender of ...
Auto Makers Plan Shift Away From Oil Powered Vehicles¡XEnergy Journal
Here's your   jolt of  , insight and analysis on   global energy business. Send us tips, suggestions and complaints: EnergyJournal@ .com. Sign up for this  letter: http://on. .com/EnergyJournalSignup
  Movers: Costco Gains on Sales; Merck Drops
Stocks are sinking this   as global bond yields soared, reflecting fears that   age of easy money is ending. S&P 500 futures have declined 0.4%, while Dow Jones Industrial Average futures have fallen 0.4%. Nasdaq Composite futures ...
Stocks to Watch: Apple, Tesla, General Electric, L Brands, Costco
Among   companies with shares expected to trade actively in Thursday's session are Apple Inc. and o r big-name tech stocks, Tesla Inc., General Electric Co., L Brands Inc . and Costco Wholesale Corp..
    Risk Report: Education Can Help Manage De-Risking Fallout
Regulators have identified cooperation and education as one way to help countries hit by   wave of de-risking to regain access to broad banking services. But while   coordination effort by international organizations ripens, at least ...
Microsemi Rising: Goldman Sees Lift from U.S. Defense Spend, Intel Chips
Shares of chip maker Microsemi (MSCC) are up 19 cents at $47.52, after Goldman Sachs's Mark Delaney this   raised his rating this   to Buy from Neutral, while maintaining a $55 price target, citing multiple sources of growth for...
Corruption Currents: Top U.S. Ethics Watchdog Steps Down
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
Capital Journal Daybreak: 5 Questions for   Korea Expert Victor Cha
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's   take. Reach him at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your inbox.
     : Microsoft Tool Tracks How Teams Spend  ir Time
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  . Transparency, openness, understanding and   dissemination of knowledge and truth are ...
    Ledger: Why It's Time to Start Worrying About   Next Recession
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
3 Must Read Stories: Ray Dalio Says Easy Money Is Over,   Capital Flows, Food Prices at 2-Year High
When   chief investment officer of   world's largest hedge fund speaks it pays to listen. Bridgewater Associates' Ray Dalio has released a new commentary on Linkedin where he warns   days of easy money are coming to an end as central ...
Credit Suisse Adds Galaxy Entertainment and Guangzhou Auto to High Conviction List
Credit Suisse has rejigged its Asia ex-Japan Focus List with Macau casino operator Galaxy Entertainment (0027.HK) and   car maker Guangzhou Auto (2238.HK) added as high conviction stocks.
What Does Baidu Have In Its Artificial Intelligence Pipeline?
Baidu (BIDU) has been focusing its efforts on artificial intelligence as growth slows for its core online search business and a number of its new investments struggled to take off.
Tencent: Why It Wants to Hide Shareholder Info
It's been a rough week for Tencent (700.HK).   internet giant's shares have been slammed after scathing reports in a   government owned  paper criticized   company for not doing enough to battle supposed addiction to its ...
 's Daily Shot: Jittery Fixed Income Investors Head for   Exits
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
Oil Rally Proves Fleeting ¡V Energy Journal
By Christopher Alessi July 07, 2017 Here's your   jolt of  , insight and analysis on   global energy business. Send us tips, suggestions and complaints: EnergyJournal@ .com. Sign up for this  letter: ...
    Ledger: IMF, Germany Urge President Trump to Stick to Free Trade
Sign up for     Ledger,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal. All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
Corruption Currents: Hopes Dimmed for Wider Anti-Bribery Front at G-20
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
Fund Flows: Brazil, India & Saudi Arabia Gain, Russia & Oil Lag
Flows to emerging market funds slipped  ir lowest levels since March, and Russian equity funds saw outflows again in   week ended July 5 with oil prices on shaky ground.
2 Investors' Caution On Emerging Markets
Weaker demand from   and White House rhetoric on trade are two signals that emerging market growth may have peaked. That's according to Economist Alex Wolf at Standard Life Investments, which manages $350 billion in assets. He thinks  ...
    Risk Report: International Anti-Graft Center Marks 'Step Forward'
  announcement this week of a London-based international anti-corruption coordination center is "a significant step forward" but isn't an end-result, according to one legal expert.
Capital Journal Daybreak: As Trump Meets Putin, What Message Will He Send?
HIGHLIGHTS * Tensions Run High as Trump and Putin Prepare to Meet * Seib Video: Will Putin Help Trump on   Korea? * Russia Probe Taps Broad Range of Expertise
This Week on   Frontiers, July 8th 2017
Trade growth rates in frontier markets are picking up, according to new research from Fitch. Although economic growth in frontier markets slipped steadily from 5% in 2013 to around 3% in 2016, most of   frontier markets are now seeing ...
3 Must Read Stories: Bitcoin is   New Gold, Gold Shines for LME, and   's Rat Trading
  rise and rise of Bitcoin has been accompanied by a rise and rise in forecasts for just how high   digital currency can go. Fundstrat's Tom Lee has joined   chorus of Bitcoin cheerleaders with a forecast for   crypto-currency to ...
  Smartphones: Signs Point to Market Recovery
  good   from  's smartphone market as demand continued to streng n in   June quarter  ing a rough 2016 that was bogged down by excess inventory.
Sunac   to Buy Hotels and Tourism Projects from Wanda Group for $9 Billion
Hong Kong-listed property developer Sunac   (1918.HK) will spend   than USD9 billion on buying hotels and o r projects from mainland conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group.
AIA Group Has   Than 20% Upside, Says Daiwa
Hong Kong life insurer AIA Group (1299.HK) has upside of   than 20%, according to analysts at Daiwa Capital Markets. Analyst Leon Qi just boosted his price target on   blue-chip to HKD68 a share from HKD60, citing healthy growth and ...
Macau Casinos: Earnings to Slow in     Quarter
Macau casino stocks have enjoyed a boisterous rally over   past year but it could be time for investors to fold  ir cards. While earnings are still on   up, momentum is slowing. Nomura analyst Richard Huang expects earnings before ...
 's Daily Shot ¡V Vanishing Before Our Eyes: Retail Jobs
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
  Vs Japan: What   Latest Economic Data Shows
Asia's two biggest economies are out with new economic data this  , with   latest read on Japan's economy raising concerns about   strength of its recovery.
Analysts Split on   's Shipping Mega-Merger
Monday's mega-merger in Asia's shipping industry has drawn mixed reactions from analysts. COSCO Shipping (1919.HK),  's largest shipping firm, has agreed to acquire Hong Kong-based peer Orient Overseas (316.HK) for about $6.3 billion. ...
    Ledger: SEC Allows   Companies to Take "No Action" on Shareholder Proposals
Sign up for     Ledger,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal. All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
Prime Day Could Earn Amazon Four Times Its Usual Profit; Adding emerging markets to Amazon's annual day of discounts could pay off in a big...
Amazon.com Inc. hopes that Prime Day becomes one of   world's most popular shopping days, and Citi thinks adding emerging markets will pay off in a big way this year.
Corruption Currents: Donald Trump Jr. Confirms Meeting With Russian Lawyer
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
Emerging Markets Roundup: 6 Hot Stocks
It was a very good day for equity markets in developing economies, with   iShares MSCI Emerging Markets exchange-traded fund (EEM) up nearly 1%.
Why Goldman Currency Experts Like Peso, Rand & Lira
Goldman Sachs in a note today says that it is not yet time to change tack on emerging market currencies, given   economic growth still possible.
Capital Journal Daybreak: Congress is Back, Pulling Domestic Politics to   Forefront
* Congress is Back, Pulling Domestic Politics to   Forefront * Trump Jr. Met With Russian Claiming to Have Clinton Intel * GOP Rift on Health Bill Widens as Congress Returns
3 Must Read Stories: Alibaba Singles Day Beats Amazon Prime Day, Alibaba Launches US Network, India Buy US Oil
Amazon Prime Day may be a big event for   U.S. e-commerce giant but it will pale in comparison with Alibaba's Singles Day. CNBC has an excellent story looking at how Singles Day - November 11 - has become a huge money earner for Alibaba ...
Tencent Goes Head to Head with Alibaba in Europe with Launch of WeChat Pay
  internet giant Tencent (700.HK) launched its WeChat Pay payments platform in Europe this week in a challenge to online peer Alibaba (BABA).
Geely Automobile Shares Jump as Profit Forecast Beats Estimates
Shares in Geely Automobile (175.HK) opened 1.2% higher in Hong Kong trading Tuesday   after   auto maker said first half earnings would accelerate   than expected.
This   Auto Stock Could Have 30% Upside
Nomura has upgraded Grand Baoxin Auto Group (1293.HK) from neutral to buy on     car maker's improving business fundamentals and potential for dividend hikes.
Global Logistic Properties: Buyout Hits Snag Over   Assets
  long-running saga of Global Logistic Properties' (MC0.SG) private equity buyout could be about to get longer.   proposed sale of   Singapore-based warehouse and logistics giant has reportedly hit a snag over future ...
  Auto Sales Rebound in June
Sales of autos in   accelerated again in June, shrugging off a recent slowdown caused by   removal of tax breaks. According to     Association of Automobile Manufacturers, vehicle sales in   month rose 4.5% year-on-year to ...
3 Must Read Stories: Bitcoin & E reum Are Tanking, But BlackRock Says No Systemic Risk, and Why RegTech Is Hot
Crypto-currencies are getting pummeled as   speculative fervor that drove  m to new highs quickly evaporates. Bloomberg has an excellent story looking at   sharp ...
  Unicom: Buy   Dip?
  Unicom (762.HK) shares have tanked 7% over   past week after Morgan Stanley double downgraded   stock on concerns about   telco's elusive earnings recovery.
Tencent Going Global with WeChat Pay
  internet titan Tencent (700.HK) is making   moves to take its mobile payments platform global. Earlier this week it was reported that   Hong Kong-listed giant had teamed up with a German company to offer its WeChat Pay service ...
 's Daily Shot: Is   Health-Care Legislation Uncertainty Starting to Impact Hiring?
After Yellen: A Dichotomy In   On Rates & Fed?
  iShares MSCI Emerging Markets exchange-traded fund (EEM) had rallied 1.5% in   first half hour of trading, before Fed Chair Janet Yellen's testimony at 10 a.m.
OPEC: June Oil Production Rose, Except In Venezuela
  Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries may have extended a cut in oil production, but   June data show an increase in production compared to May.
Emerging Market ETFs Hit Fresh Highs: Thanks, Fed
So much for   cynics worried that rising U.S. interest rates will sour investment in emerging markets:   biggest exchange-traded funds invested in developing economies reached fresh 52-week highs Wednesday as U.S. indexes reached highs ...
Brexit & Beyond: EU's Barnier Says U.K. Must Honor Spending Pledges, U.K. Wages Fall, Eurozone Industry Booms
Brexit & Beyond: Europe in Flux is   Wall Street Journal's round-up of   and 
analysis of how Brexit will affect global business, economies and finance. You can sign up here.
Dow Chemical Rises 2.8% On   -Brazil Corn M&A
Shares of Dow Chemical (DOW) rose 2.8% Wednesday after it announced a deal to sell a portion of its Brazil corn-seed business.   buyer,   Citic Agri Fund, agreed to pay $1.1 billion for assets including brands and seed processing and ...
  's Paradoxical Property Market
How to tame  's runaway housing market? That's a problem Beijing and local governments across   world's most populous nation have been struggling to solve.
Korean Shipbuilders: Demand Continues to Gain Momentum
Shipbuilders are back in business as   battered industry's recovery continues to gain speed. Global shipbuilding orders increased 30% in June compared to a year ago on   back of strength in   tanker and LNGC (liquefied natural gas ...
 's Daily Shot: Will a Tight Job Market Force Productivity Gains?
    Risk Report: Volatile Geopolitics Puts Onus on Businesses' Cyber Preparedness
 re's been a 140% increase in   number of cyber incidents involving nation-states in   past three years, a 24% rise in   such actions involving terrorists and an 83% rise in   number of events involving hacktivists, making it  ...
  Must-Reads: Yellen Recap, Earnings Preview, Bullish Signs for Retail
  Must Reads are part of   Journal's   MoneyBeat  letter. To receive    letter via email, click here . Yellen Expects Fed to Stick to Rate-Increase Plan: Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen, seeking to address a recent...
3 Must Read Stories: Alipay Bets on AI, Elon Musk Sparks Energy Debate,   's Wealthy on Luxury Binge
Alibaba's Ant Financial is spending big on artificial intelligence (AI) as it aggressively pushes into financial services and shakes up an industry ripe for digital disruption.
How Will   Macro Backdrop for Asian Stocks Look in 2H?
Markets around Asia have enjoyed a strong macro backdrop so far this year after a weak 2016. What's in store for     half of 2017? Deutsche Bank economist Kaushik Das argues Asian emerging markets are likely to report limited slowdown...
Is Emerging Markets Rally Part of An 'Everything Bubble'?
  iShares MSCI Emerging Markets exchange-traded fund (EEM) reached ano r new 52-week high Thursday, for a rise of 3.6% this month and 22.5% year to date.
 's Daily Shot: How Many Hours of Work Does It Take to Buy One Unit of S&P 500?
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
Capital Journal Daybreak: 5 Questions for Tea-Party Activist Jenny Beth Martin
Here's Joshua Jamerson's Q&A with a conservative activist about   Senate health bill and a summary of     this  . Contact Josh at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak...
Lululemon Sales May Be Better Than Expected
lululemon athletica (LULU) has had a rough year like many of its retail peers, falling   than 8% since   start of 2017. Yet Oppenheimer's Anna Andreeva and Samantha Lanman argue that   worst might be over for   stock.  y ...
J.P. Morgan, Wells Fargo and Citi Report 2Q Earnings ¡X Live Analysis
Once again, bank earnings season is here. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Wells Fargo & Co., Citigroup Inc. and PNC Financial Services Inc. reported Friday  .
Emerging Market Funds Extend Inflow Streak
Emerging markets stock funds extended  ir longest inflow streak, with institutional buyers putting money to work for   17th straight week, according to EPFR Global data.
    Risk Report: Hybrid AGMs Go Way of   Physical Meeting
  number of U.S. companies hosting online-only annual general meetings continued to rise in 2017 despite opposition from some influential investors. Some governance experts are suggesting corporates offer a combination of audio or video ...




3 Must Read Stories: Beijing's Crackdown on Risk,   Markets Are Too Calm, and   's AAA Frenzy
  release of  's   quarter GDP will sharpen focus on   health of its debt-fueled economy, but Beijing has announced new measures to rein in risk.
  's GDP Grows 6.9% in 2Q; Beijing Focuses on Financial Risks
 's economy grew at a 6.9% pace in     quarter, beating expectations and showing   resilience of   world's   largest economy.
 's Daily Shot: Milk, Eggs and Bread Haven't Been This Cheap Since 2007
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
Macau Casino Stocks Slump on   Crackdown Fears
Macau's casino stocks were crushed in Hong Kong trading Monday   amid increasing government scrutiny of money transfers between   and   gambling enclave.
U.S. Urges Action Against   Korea,  
Good  . Here's a look at what's going on in Washington. Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your inbox.
  Must Reads:   Korea, Hurricane Irma, Congressional Agenda, Black Swans
  Must Reads are part of   Journal's   MoneyBeat  letter. To receive    letter via email, click here.   Korea Plans New Missile Test as U.S. Calls for Action: South Korea warned Monday that   Korea appears to be ...
Semiconductors: Growth, Though Still Strong, May Have Peaked
Now that semiconductor companies have finished reporting  -quarter earnings, Wells Fargo's David Wong and his team take a look at   sector, writing that while growth is solid, next quarter may see some deceleration.
Gold Outshines Bitcoin After N. Korea Bomb Test &   ICO Ban
  banned initial coin offerings over   long weekend, sending bitcoin's value lower while gold rallied as   Korea's bomb test rattled markets.
Buy Materials, Transportation Instead Of Safe-Havens
While August can be a rough month for stocks--and   market did experience a few wobbles   month--  S&P 500 remains near its highs. That means that   flight to bonds and defensive investments seems overdone, according to Jefferies' ...
Turkey ETF Slumps: Stay Out of Europe, Germany Says
  worst emerging-market fund performance today isn't that of South Korea after a bomb test  re, but   iShares MSCI Turkey exchange-traded fund (TUR), which was down 3% after German politicians spoke against Turkey's possible bid for ...
Hasbro:   Force is Not With You?
If Hasbro (HAS) could be said to have a secret weapon it's   fact that Walt Disney (DIS) chose it as   home for its Disney princesses in 2014, taking   franchise away from Mattel (MAT). But  se days, that secret weapon might not ...
3 Stock Picks In 'Absurd' EM BRICS Category
This week,   played host to ano r annual BRICS summit of countries, but   idea that  se disparate emerging markets have much in common is absurd, David Riedel says.
Corruption Currents: Azerbaijan Strikes Back at Laundering Accusations
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
Why   Outlook Supports Emerging Market Currencies
With significant monetary and fiscal stimulus in   leading up to   Communist Party meeting in mid-October,  re's ample room for skepticism about   sustainability of economic growth.
    Risk Report: Growing Demand Adds to Risk in Batteries Materials
  electric vehicle industry is set to grow exponentially in coming decades--and with it   risks linked to   production and refining of   metals and minerals used in lithium-ion batteries.  se risks include potential human rights ...
3 Must Read Stories:   Korea Warns US , Tech Supply Chain at Risk, Telcos Await iPhone 8
A   Korean official has escalated tensions with   Trump administration by warning of   "gift packages" for   U.S. Reuters has   details on   latest provocation by   rogue regime which tested a hydrogen bomb over   weekend ...
ASX Seeks Assurances from 50   Companies Amid Capital Flow Concerns
  Australian Stock Exchange has sent letters to 50   companies listed on   bourse asking  m whe r  y are having any problems with capital flow in and out of  ,   Sydney   Herald reported.
 's Daily Shot: A Retail Sentiment Index Is Flashing Red
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
  City: Fed Warning Hits Financials, ECB Walks a Tightrope,   Way to Play a Stronger Europe
Good   from     City desks in London. Be   first with high-value stories.     City for on your mobile and let us keep you in   loop from 6am.     City app. Upwardly mobile. iPhone and
    Risk Report:   Korea Oil Proposal Meets Skepticism
In   wake of   latest nuclear test by   Korea, Japan renewed its call for an oil embargo on   Korea. But two experts said that such a move is fraught with risk to   global economy, and it could end up shining a light on   ...
Three Takeaways on Trump's DACA Decision
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's   take, and a summary of   top   this  . Contact Josh at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your ...
Low Inflation¡KBlame Uber (¡Kand 4 o r reasons)
Morgan Stanley's Ellen Zentner and her team have cut  ir core PCE forecast for 2017 to 1.4% and lowered   2018 projections to 1.7%. As a result, Zentner et al now sees fewer interest rate hikes coming out of   Federal Reserve.
Why Alibaba May Tap India's Zomato, A Global Food Network
Ant Financial Services Group,   payments business affiliated with   e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding (BABA) is in talks to invest as much as $200 million in Zomato Media, an international restaurant advertising and ...
Finisar CEO Rawls To Retire: Could Kindle M&A, Says William Blair
Shares of fiber-optic component supplier Finisar (FNSR) are down a penny at $22.20, after   company this   announced that its chief executive, Jerry Rawls, will retire at   end of net year, and that   company is starting a ...
India On Fed Watch: FX Buys To Exceed $25 Billion
  Reserve Bank of India has been shoring up dwindling foreign currency reserves, and that is likely to continue to offset investors' dwindling interest in richly-priced equities as o r assets get   interesting.
Yum   Slumps 2%: Can Alipay 'Smile to Pay' Boost Profits?
Shares of Yum   (YUMC) are down 2% today, while   iShares   Large-Cap exchange-traded fund (FXI) was moving higher. A number of U.S. filings point to active institutional trading of shares in   most recent reporting period. But ...
Apple's 'iPhone X' Just Has To Be 'Cool Enough' at $1,000, Says Instinet
Nomura's Jeffrey Kvaal today reiterates a Buy rating on shares of Apple (AAPL) to $185 from $175, after bumping up his P/E multiple on   stock, arguing that   impending debut of   next iPhone means   company can sell a lot   ...
ETF Topper: Bitcoin¡KOh Boy!
  market for crypto-currencies spiked higher today and   new guy on   block -- bitcoin cash -- led   charge. Bitcoin cash, which is essentially a bitcoin clone, jumped   than 17.2% to $636.80, according to Coinmarketcap.com. ...
Who Will Win A $6 Billion Lung Caner Biopsy Opportunity?
Among cancers, lung cancer is   deadliest worldwide, largely because of late diagnoses. However, that might be about to change. Morgan Stanley's David Lewis and his team write that new tools can disrupt   $6 billion lung biopsy market ...
This   Glass Maker Has 58% Upside
JPMorgan has increased its target price on Xinyi Glass (868.HK) to HKD 12 a share, implying 58% upside, as it expects     glass maker to benefit from lower natural gas prices for non-residential users.
3 Must Read Stories:   Korea Oil Ban,   's Military Prepares, Bitcoin Bubble
  U.S. is pushing for tougher sanctions against   Korea, including a ban on shipments of crude oil to   rogue nation.   proposed crackdown comes as U.S. President Donald Trump and  's President Xi Jinping talked about   ...
Toshiba Board Members Back Foxconn Bid
Some board members of Toshiba (6502.JP) are making a  -minute push to accept Foxconn's bid for its NAND memory-chip manufacturing unit, according to   Wall Street Journal.
 's Daily Shot: Tight Labor Markets Not Producing Faster Wage Growth
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
  Airlines: Why Jefferies Is Bearish
Jefferies remains bearish on   airline stocks despite revising up its earnings forecasts for   sector to reflect lower oil prices and potential foreign exchange gains.
2 Macau Casino Stocks With Upside
After hosting meetings with six casino operators with business in Macau,     gambling playground, Credit Suisse reiterated two top stock picks: Galaxy Entertainment Group (0027.HongKong and GXYEF) and Sands   (1928.HongKong and ...
Brazil Economy In 'Great Rotation', Buy Cyclical Stocks?
Brazil's corruption investigations and political turmoil have  ed so long, it is easy to be cynical about   investing opportunity. But with   economy set to double   pace of expansion in 2018, Bank of   Merrill Lynch spies an...
Why Trump's Deal With Democrats Left Conservatives Upset¡KWith Congress
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's take on    . Contact Josh at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your inbox.
Sorry Trump, Renewable Energy, Electric Vehicle Demand Will Keep Growing
While   White House has tried to give a boost to traditional energy companies by pulling out of   Paris Accord, Cowen & Co.'s Jeffrey Osborne and his team write that  re's still a long runway for growth for renewables.
Gold: $1,400 Here We Come?
Gold prices are back at it.   precious metal edged higher Thursday, with futures contracts for December delivery climbing 0.9% to $1,351.20 per troy ounce, and remains on track to break   $1,400 barrier.
Bitcoin: Is a Pullback Ahead?
Bitcoin parsed earlier gains, but remains in   green Thursday as   crypto-currency continued to regain ground it lost in   massive selloff earlier this week   after   banned initial coin offerings over   long weekend.
Ciena CEO Smith on What Wall Street's Missing
 ing   company's earnings report   week, Ciena's (CIEN) chief executive, Gary Smith, met up with me yesterday while in New York for various meetings.
Corruption Currents: Europol Seeks Action After Record Number of Money-Laundering Tips
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
3 Must Read Stories: Trump Pressures   Korea, Tencent Rally, Gold to $1,400
U.S. President Donald Trump continues to pressure   Korea, warning   rogue regime that its behavior has "got to stop". Bloomberg has   latest in   war of words between   U.S. and   Korea, which tested a hydrogen bomb on   ...
Macau Casino Stocks: Where to Place Your Bets
  Macau gaming industry has now shown a strong recovery from two years of decline that coincided with   president Xi Xinping's crackdown on corruption.
  's August Exports Rise 6.9%
 's exports grew 6.9% year-on-year in August, in yuan terms, a deceleration from   11.2% gain in July, data released by   General Administration of Customs shows.
Bitcoin: Double, Double Toil and Trouble¡KOr Not
Is bitcoin a bubble? That question has rattled around   markets for some time given   massive gains posted by   crypto-currency, even after   selloff it endured early this week when   announced a ban on initial coin offerings. ...
Finisar Falls: Big Apple iPhone Sensing Deal Delayed, Not Lost, Say Bulls
Shares of fiber-optic component supplier Finisar (FNSR) are down $1.41, or over 6%, at $20.58, after   company yesterday afternoon beat fiscal Q1 revenue expectations by a hair, but missed with its outlook for this quarter's results by a ...
Corruption Currents: ZTE Evidence Helps U.S. in Sanctions Effort
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
Competition Ramps Up In Machine Learning Chips
  smartphone maker recently introduced   Kirin 970, a new SOC (security operation center) for machine learning computing, and Jefferies' Hyunwoo Doh writes that it highlights a shift in machine learning tasks toward mobile ...
Huawei Overtakes Apple In Smartphone Sales¡VFor Now
We just learned this week that Huawei overtook Apple (AAPL) to be   world's   largest smartphone maker, for   months of June and July. (Samsung Electronics (005930KS) of course is still in   lead.)
3 Experts: After   Yuan Makes A Move, What's Next?
 's renminbi,   yuan, showed signs overnight of reversing months of strength against   U.S. dollar. A rapid ascent in     yuan (CNY) has resulted in   highest Sharpe Ratio, a measure of returns relative to   risk-free ...
3 Must Read Stories:   Korea Retaliation for Tougher Sanctions,   Petrol Car Ban, Revised Bid for Toshiba Chip Unit
Pyongyang has warned that   U.S. will 'pay due price' if   United Nations Security Council approves   proposed harsher sanctions for   Korea conducting nuclear tests.
Asia Week Ahead:   Inflation Higher, Yuan Weak, Korea Calm?
All eyes this week will be on economic data from   as     yuan (CNY) shows signs of hitting a near-term ceiling.   equities were moving higher on Monday -- as were stocks in Japan, Hong Kong and South Korea -- after   ...
Prada Stock Slumps: Outlook Dims With Euro Strong
Shares of Italian luxury-goods purveyor Prada (1913.HongKong and PRDSY) fell 11% in Asian trading in reaction to Friday's report of sagging revenue and slow progress in improving weak luxury goods sales.
 's Daily Shot: Retail Investors   Optimistic Than at Any Time Since   Dot-Com Bubble
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
  City: Hurricane Irma Weakens After Lashing Florida, Risk Assets Rise
Good   from     City desks in London. Be   first with high-value stories.     City for on your mobile and let us keep you in   loop from 6am.     City app. Upwardly mobile. iPhone and
  Wealth Adviser Briefing: Cybersecurity, Retirement Report, 401(k) Case; Curated   and analysis for wealth advisers and  ir clients...
Advisers, if cybersecurity risk weren't on your radar by now, it should be after   Equifax data breach. Not only was   breach one of   largest in history, but Equifax's response hasn't been well received...
    Risk Report: Equifax Breach Could Spur New Round of Training
  size and scope of   Equifax breach could serve as a wake-up call to companies that haven't taken very seriously   cybersecurity training of  ir employees, said Pamela Passman, president and chief executive of   Center for ...
Storm Wreaks Havoc on Florida's Grid, Leaving Millions Without Power¡XEnergy Journal
Here's your   jolt of  , insight and analysis on   global energy business. Send us tips, suggestions and complaints: EnergyJournal@ .com
Congressional Workload Builds, But Test of Bipartisanship Will Have to Wait
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's   take, and a summary of   top   this  . Contact Josh at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your ...
  Must-Reads: Irma Fallout, Equifax Complaints and  
  Must Reads are part of   Journal's   MoneyBeat  letter. To receive    letter via email, click here. Hurricane Irma Downgraded to Category 1 Storm After Lashing Florida: Hurricane Irma weakened to a Category 1 storm after ...
  Movers: Teva Soars on CEO; MGM Drops
Stocks look set for higher open as Hurricane Irma appears to have done less damage than expected, while   U.S. dollar is rallying after   said it would stop trying to support its currency.
Party On! Dow Set For 100 Point Gain as Markets Look on   Bright Side
Stocks are rallying today as losses from Hurricane Irma do not peer as extensive as predicted and tensions with   Korea appeared to have dissipated...for now.
Treasury Yields Rise in Post-Weekend Selling Spree
Investors were selling safe-haven Treasuries and buying stocks Monday   as a very risky weekend passed without making some bad situations worse.
  Inflation Rises: Take That, Washington!
August data just data just released show that  's economy is on a reflationary path. Measures of consumer prices and producer input costs - CPI and PPI - beat expectations overall by "some" margin in August, despite some pockets of ...
Falling U.S. Dollar Could Help Tech Supply Chain Earnings
  dollar has been weakening this summer, especially agains   euro, and Stifel's Mat w Sheerin and his team take a look at how that will affect   tech supply companies in  ir coverage.
EM Funds Dominated Hedge Fund Gains   Month
eVestment is out with its tally of   hedge fund industry in August, writing that emerging markets continue to dominate. Hedge funds gained an average 0.74%   month, bringing   average year-to-date return to 5.47%. That's   ...
  Energy Tentacles Streng n In Latin   BP Venture
British oil producer and refiner BP (BP) said it form a new joint venture partly backed by   oil-and-gas producer Cnooc (0883.HK and CEO).
Corruption Currents: Turkey Calls U.S. Charges 'Coup Attempt'
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
4 Must-Reads: Lithium Battery ETF Jumps 5% As   Embraces Electric Cars, N. Korea Sanctioned
  Global X Lithium & Battery Tech exchange-traded fund (LIT) jumped nearly 5% to a new 52-week high Monday after   said it could eventually ban   sale of fossil-fuel vehicles.
  to Ban Bitcoin Exchanges
  is planning to shut down domestic bitcoin exchanges, according to   Wall Street Journal .
Applied Opto CFO Murry Defends Its Leadership in Fiber Optics
  stock of fiber-optic component vendor Applied Optoelectronics (AAOI) is up almost 150% this year, and has nearly tripled in   past 12 months, but it is now 40% off its high, at a recent $58.29, having suffered of late from both ...
3 Must Read Stories: UN   Korea Sanctions, Why   's Party Congress Matters, Xiaomi vs Apple
  United Nations Security Council unanimously adopted new sanctions against   Korea after U.S. officials compromised and dropped  ir bid to ban all oil imports to convince   and Russia to approve   measure.
 's Daily Shot:  ns Get Taken for a Ride at   Pump
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
  City: Brexit Battles Remain for May, U.K. Faces Labour Market 'Shock'
Good   from     City desks in London.   City is   app that delivers fast, smart   on mobile for London.   for iPhone or
    Risk Report: Open-Source Software in Spotlight After Equifax Breach
As cybersleuths work to uncover   exact vulnerability hackers exploited to pull off   Equifax Inc. data  ft, one thing companies not wanting to be   next Equifax can do is review   types of open-source software used in ...
Be Bullish On Electric Vehicles, But Not Tesla¡KYet
Bernstein's Toni Sacconaghi and his team have a new note out today on electric vehicles (EVs) writing that  y believe that battery electric vehicles will ultimately be   "dominant source of energy in vehicles worldwide." And that shift ...
Alcoa: Higher Aluminum Prices Can Only Mean One Thing¡K
It's a funny thing about commodity companies: Talk all you want about fundamentals, but so much of   future returns come down to   price of   commodity  y produce. So when we see an upgrade like Deutsche Bank's decision to lift ...
Semiconductor Firms Will Get A Boost From iPhones For Years To Come
Apple's (AAPL) event is this afternoon (and I suggest checking out Tech Trader Daily for   coverage), where it's expected to introduce   next iPhone models, among o r things. Stifel's Patrick Ho and his team write that semiconductor ...
Risk-On Mood Continues to Batter Treasuries, for Now
For     day, Treasury yields rose (and prices fell) as investors unwound risk-off trades placed ahead of Hurricane Irma.   yield on   benchmark 10-year note climbed to 2.18% by 12:30 p.m. ET Tuesday, 12 basis points higher than ...
JPMorgan CEO: Bitcoin Is A 'Fraud'
JPMorgan's CEO Jamie Dimon has some harsh words about   poster child for cryptocurrencies today, calling bitcoin a "fraud" at a Barclay's banking conference.
Corruption Currents: Trump Calls U.N. Sanctions A Small Step
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
Delivering Alpha live blog recap: Bubbles, bitcoin and   potential for a stock-market pullback
Here's a recap of MarketWatch's live blog of   Delivering Alpha conference in New York, including highlights from speakers including Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, hedge fund manager Ray Dalio and J.P.Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon.
Why Goldman Sachs Prefers OZ Minerals Over Sandfire Resources
Copper prices have rallied 20% since   beginning of June on   back of positive economic data from  ,   world's biggest consumer of commodities.
Alibaba: Chanos Covers Short Position
James Chanos said he closed his bearish bet on Alibaba Group Holdings (BABA) stock in January. Alibaba shares are up 0.5% today. In an interview with CNBC, Chanos said he covered his short position in Alibaba in January, according to CNBC ...
OPEC Energy Production Fell in August, Oil Stuck at $50?
OPEC oil production declined in August to 32.76 million barrels per day, giving oil prices a boost. With   data release Tuesday,   international Brent price of oil was up 0.7% to $54.24 per barrel in recent trading, while   U.S. ...
Bridgewater's Dalio, in Private Note, Reassures Clients: 'We Are Shooting Straight With You'; Hedge-fund founder writes on   views in wake of Wall Street Journal story.
Bridgewater Associates LP founder Ray Dalio told clients in a private note that  y can trust him to be honest about  , his first comments  ing a Wall Street Journal story   week that discussed his business ambitions in   ...

What Apple's iPhone X Means for Asian Tech Stocks
Finally   wait is over. Apple on Tuesday unveiled   iPhone X, as well as new iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus models, at its brand new Apple Park headquarters in Cupertino.
3 Must Read Stories: Global Cyberattack, Toshiba Faces Shareholders, and WeChat Booms
Asian companies are waking up to   of ano r computer virus sweeping   world just a month after   WannaCry virus caused havoc with its ransomware.
Capital Journal Daybreak: A Tale of Two Health Plans,  
HIGHLIGHTS * Ahead of Senate Health Vote, CBO Says 22 Million   to Be Uninsured * Supreme Court Allows Partial Implementation of Trump Travel Ban
Wells Fargo: Call It a Wash?
Wells Fargo (WFC) announced today that it's selling its commercial insurance business to USI Insurance Group. While its shares are gaining, don't give   deal credit for   strength.
UPDATED: Brazil ETF In Flux: Would Temer Step Aside?
A previous version of this post indicated Brazil's prosecutor could announce charges against   president Wednesday, not Monday. This post also updates language on   JBS holding-company leniency agreement signed with prosecutors. For ...
It's Not Just Stocks. Bonds Are Super Calm
It's quiet out  re in   bond market, but don't get used to it.   Bank of   Merrill Lynch MOVE index, which measures investor expectations of price swings in   Treasury market, settled at 50.02 Monday, according to data from ...
     :  's Facial Recognition ID's Citizens and Soon May Score  ir Behavior
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  . Imagine a world in which every aspect of your behavior can be captured by a camera, and ...
    Risk Report: EU Cyber Sanctions Face Identity Challenge
  European Union plans to use sanctions to punish perpetrators of cyberattacks,  ing in   U.S.'s footsteps to fend off potentially destabilizing cyber activities. But having such powers doesn't mean  y can be used when it's often...
  Wealth Adviser Briefing: Family Farm Planning and Elder Fraud; Curated   and analysis for wealth advisers and  ir clients from  ...
Succession planning is important for any family-owned business, says Daniel S. Miller, co-owner and president of Miller Financial Group in Red Oak, Iowa. But to a family farm, he says in   latest Adviser Voices,   succession question ...
Altice IPO and   Best Activism Defense ¡X Dealpolitik
Activists have amassed tremendous influence in recent years, but  re's still one powerful tool some companies can wield against  m: supervoting shares.
Momentum:   Force is Strong With This One
Chasing performance is ill advised, but momentum investing -- buying past winners and selling losers -- has been working gangbusters so far this year. A lack of volatility has certainly helped.
3 Must Read Stories: Amazon Threat Overhyped, a Red-Hot Stock Fund, Xi Visits Hong Kong
Amazon's plans to roll out a full service offering in Australia has seen retail stocks get pummeled but one leading analyst reckons   threat from   U.S. e-commerce giant has been overhyped.
U.S. Congress Tries, Again, on Corporate Transparency
Corrected below Lawmakers in   U.S. House of Representatives and Senate unveiled bipartisan legislation on Wednesday  y say will pierce   veil on shadowy corporate ownership.
Mexico Rate Cuts: Market's Wrong If Peso Cooperates, BNP Says
Mexico's central bank raised its benchmark interest rate by 25 basis points   week, and many economists think Banxico's hike was     and that   rate will hover at 7%.
Banks boost dividends, buybacks after Fed's stress test, except for Capital One
  Federal Reserve is announcing   results of its comprehensive capital analysis and review, and banks will  n start announcing  ir dividend and/or stock buyback plans.
Big Banks: Not So S-CCAR-y?
  Federal Reserve is set to release   results from its Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review, or CCAR, which will determine how much money banks like Goldman Sachs (GS), Morgan Stanley (MS), Bank of   (BAC), and JPMorgan Chase...
     : Latest Ransomware Attack Spans Globe from Ukraine to Europe, U.S.
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  .     major global cyberattack in two months swept across   globe on Tuesday in what ...
Is   Party Over for Asian Stocks?
Global investor confidence has declined slightly in June compared to   previous month, according to State Street.   State Street Global Investor Confidence Index inched down to 101 in June from 102.6 in May, with confidence slipping ...
Bank Stocks Throw a Dividend Party;   Fed gave   green light for big banks to return loftier levels of capital to investors
While stock markets fell sharply Thursday, investors threw U.S. bank shares a homecoming party after positive stress-test results led many to announce higher dividends and share buybacks.
All Eyes on Banks
All eyes will be on bank stocks and   exchange-traded funds that track  m.   Federal Reserve is expected to unveil results from its Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review or CCAR. Financials have historically received a lift around...
J.P. Morgan: $100, Here We Come?
Bank of   (BAC) isn't   only big U.S. bank boosting   amount cash its intends to return to shareholders in   next year. J.P. Morgan & Chase (JPM) plans $19.4 billion in buybacks over   next year as part of   capital plan ...
Stocks to Watch: Bank of   , Citigroup , Walgreens, Blue Apron, Pier 1
Among   companies with shares expected to trade actively in Monday's session are Bank of   Corp. and o r bank stocks, Walgreens Boot Alliance Inc., Blue Apron Holdings Inc. and Pier 1 Imports Inc..
    Ledger: Companies Pressed to Disclose   Climate Change Risks
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed for free.
  Barron's Briefing: Banks Get   Go Ahead; Walgreens Watch
Yesterday was a great day for investors, and now   market just needs to build on that strength. Good luck with that. S&P 500 and Dow Jones Industrial Average futures are little changed as of this writing, but Nasdaq Composite futures are ...
Four Problems Looming Over Historic U.S. Expansion; Current dynamics in   U.S. economy don't bode well for future growth prospects
  U.S. may be in   third longest economic expansion since 1850, but   outlook is overshadowed by a host of underlying weaknesses in   world's largest growth engine.
State Street Global Advisors to Close 19 ETFs
State Street Global Advisors,   asset management arm of State Street (STT) announced that it was planning to close and liquidate 19 exchange-traded funds after   market's close on Friday. What timing! Here's   full list:
  Hot Stock: Nike Soars 11%
Nike (NKE) soared to   top of   S&P 500 today after its earnings and sales topped analyst forecasts. Nike gained 11% to $59.00, while   S&P 500 advanced 0.15% to 2423.41.
Venezuela Selling Gold, Goldman Selling Venezuela Bonds?
Venezuela is nearly broke but still has a great deal of gold, which accounts for three quarters of its foreign reserves of just   than $10 billion.
Bullish Signs for   Quarter Earnings
    quarter is shaping up nicely for corporate earnings, but it's not clear that will support big stock market gains going forward. Analysts forecast that earnings will grow 6.6% in   April-to-June quarter from   same period a ...
  City: U.K. Households Squeezed, Oil Price Outlook Darkens
Good afternoon from     City desks in London.   City is   app that delivers fast, smart   on mobile for London.   for iPhone or
Bank of   : Buffett Wins Again
  Federal Reserve's Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review was been good for Bank of   (BAC). It's been even better for Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B).
Emerging Market Bonds: What To Do If Correction Comes
A possible correction in emerging market debt over   next three months is probable, but should provide buying opportunities to buy local-currency bonds, Bank of   Merrill Lynch says.
Nike: Corner. Turned.
Heading into   night's earnings,   Bears and Bulls were split on Nike (NKE).   bears were concerned that Nike's sales would continue to slow as it shifted to a direct-sales model.   bulls argued that Nike's shift would start paying...
What Your CEO Is Reading:   Man in Black; Climate Change; Midwest Tech Startups
Every week, CIO Journal offers a glimpse into   mind of   CEO, whose view of technology is shaped by stories in management journals, general interest magazines and, of course, in-flight publications.
Stocks to Watch: Nike, Tesla, Micron, Berkshire Hathaway, Hain Celestial
Among   companies with shares expected to trade actively in Monday's session are Nike Inc ., Tesla Inc., Micron Technology Inc., Berkshire Hathaway Inc . and Hain Celestial Group Inc ..
     : Artificial Intelligence Plays Growing Role in Policing, Enforcing Social Norms
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  . Artificial intelligence is playing a growing role around   world in police work and   ...
Capital Journal Daybreak: Republicans Clash Over Health Bill,  
HIGHLIGHTS * GOP Operative Sought Clinton Emails From Hackers, Implied a Connection to Flynn * Republicans Clash Again Over Senate Health-Care Bill
  Wealth Adviser Briefing: Value Investing, Bank Dividends, Health Law Investment Tax; Curated   and analysis for wealth advisers and...
In   latest Adviser Voices, Simon Hamilton, managing director with Wise Investor Group at Robert W. Baird & Co. in Reston, Va., says that when it comes to value investing, what's most important to remember is that  re is no such thing ...
What Your CEO Is Reading:   Man in Black; Climate Change; Midwest Tech Startups
Every week, CIO Journal offers a glimpse into   mind of   CEO, whose view of technology is shaped by stories in management journals, general interest magazines and, of course, in-flight publications.
     : Artificial Intelligence Plays Growing Role in Policing, 
H-1B and Modi: India Real Time Reveals   Secret Reading Habits of India's Elite
  Blogs, 2017 ¦~ 7 ¤ë 2 ¤é 22:00, 775 ¦r, By Eric Bellman, (­^¤å)
India Real Time started in 2010 as   first attempt by a global  paper to offer a   product for Indian readers through   internet. Seven years and crores of clicks later,   Wall Street Journal is winding down   successful blog....
    Ledger: European Regulators Cause Headaches for Silicon Valley
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
Capital Journal Daybreak: Health Bill, Travel Ban, South   Seas
HIGHLIGHTS * Republican Senators Face Pushback From Governors on   Health Bill * Trump's Travel Ban: A Moot Point at   Supreme Court? * With ISIS on   Run, an Unexpected Leader Emerges in Iraq
Expect Solid 2Q Earnings: Will  y Justify Lofty Stock Valuations? Expectations for  -quarter corporate earnings are high but probably...
Expectations for  -quarter corporate earnings are high, but probably not high enough to alleviate worries about how expensive   stock market has become.
  Korea Launches Ano r Ballistic Missile
  Korea has ratcheted up tensions in   Asian with its 11th missile launch of   year.   missile landed in waters between   Korean peninsula and Japan and shows     Korean regime isn't backing down on   development of its...
    Risk Report: U.K. Crime Agency Readies for Asset Recovery Powers
  U.K. remains a favored destination for politically-exposed persons and money-launderers, with technological developments such as crypto currencies and e-wallets offering fraudsters new ways to commit crime and evade law enforcement, ...
Report Warns of Risks in Correspondent Banking Shrinkage
  work is needed to address   persistent drop in   number of correspondent banking relationships and   risks associated with   trend, according to a report by   Financial Stability Board.
Venezuela Violence Escalates Against Politicians
A mob attacked opposition politicians in Venezuela's National Assembly building in Caracas, according to   BBC and pro-opposition Venezuelan website La Patilla.
Trump's Trip: Putin,   Korea Loom Large at G-20;   president's trip comes amid heightened tensions with Pyongyang
President Donald Trump departed Wednesday for     overseas trip of his presidency, which comes as tensions with   Korea have escalated with its recent test of a missile that analysts say could reach Alaska. Mr. Trump will also ...
Capital Journal Daybreak: Trump to Face Putin, Discuss   Korean Threat During Trip
HIGHLIGHTS * Seib: Trump, Putin Will Talk Against Backdrop of Broader Russian Mischief *   Korea, Putin Meeting Top Agenda For Trump's Trip
Capital Journal Daybreak: Trump to Face Putin, Discuss   Korean Threat During Trip
HIGHLIGHTS * Seib: Trump, Putin Will Talk Against Backdrop of Broader Russian Mischief *   Korea, Putin Meeting Top Agenda For Trump's Trip

Microsemi Rising: Goldman Sees Lift from U.S. Defense Spend, Intel Chips
Shares of chip maker Microsemi (MSCC) are up 19 cents at $47.52, after Goldman Sachs's Mark Delaney this   raised his rating this   to Buy from Neutral, while maintaining a $55 price target, citing multiple sources of growth for...
Survey Roundup: GDPR a Work in Progress for Firms
A look at some recent surveys and reports dealing with risk and compliance issues. Send surveys and reports to ben.dipietro@ .com. Don't Give A GDPR: A survey of 550 IT security and compliance professionals by Experian Data Breach ...
 's Daily Shot:  ns Increasingly Prefer Trucks to Cars
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
SoftBank Seeks to Raise up to $5 billion via Bond Issue
Japanese investment conglomerate SoftBank (9984.JP) is seeking to raise $3 billion to $5 billion in U.S. dollar bonds, Reuters reports. Sources familiar with   issuance told     wire that Tokyo-based SoftBank had appointed Morgan ...
Mexico, Peso & Rates: 'Give Pause A Chance'
Mexico's central bank just released   minutes of its recent decision to raise interest rates, which fueled sentiment that rate hikes are done, despite many sources of volatility ahead.
  IMF and Germany Urge President Donald Trump to Stick With Free Trade; IMF chief, German finance minister say U.S. will lose influence if...
HAMBURG¡X  International Monetary Fund and Germany have a joint message to President Donald Trump as he arrives here for   Group of 20 summit: Don't turn your back on a world forged by   U.S.
Index Funds Wilder Than  y Appear; Companies heavily-owned by index funds may be   volatile as a result
What do a Connecticut bank, a furniture maker and a gold miner have in common?  y are   S&P 500 stocks most heavily owned by index funds, according to Bank of   Merrill Lynch. People's United Financial, Leggett & Platt and Newmont...
Financials: So Much Depends Upon¡K a Pick-up in Interest Rates
Financial stocks and technology stocks seem to be on opposite ends of a seesaw lately, with one rising as   o r falls, and vice versa.   tech sector has declined 0.27% in   past month. Meanwhile,   financial sector has led   S&P...
Capital Journal Daybreak: 5 Questions for   Korea Expert Victor Cha
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's   take. Reach him at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your inbox.
    Ledger: IMF, Germany Urge President Trump to Stick to Free Trade
Sign up for     Ledger,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal. All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
Economists React to   June Jobs Report: 'Doing Well Enough'
U.S. nonfarm employers added a seasonally adjusted 222,000 jobs in June.   unemployment rate ticked up to 4.4% from 4.3%   prior month as   people joined   workforce.
A Green Light For Advanced Auto Parts
It's been a tough year for auto parts retailers, one area of retail once thought safe from Amazon.com (AMZN).   sector got ano r hit earlier this week when O'Reilly Automotive (ORLY) reported slower same-store sales than expected.
Scott Walker Offers a Cold One to Internet Critics; Slammed for photos of his ham sandwiches, Wisconsin governor offers beer and cheese...
Facing criticism over his social-media output, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker made a peace offering with a can of Miller Lite and some cheese curds.
Apple's iPhone Withstands Galaxy, Pixel, Says Canaccord
Canaccord Genuity's Mike Walkley today reiterates a Buy rating on shares of Apple (AAPL), writing that a survey he conducted in       month suggests sales of   iPhone remained "steady" and were even "improving later in   ...
Capital Journal Daybreak: As Trump Meets Putin, What Message Will He Send?
HIGHLIGHTS * Tensions Run High as Trump and Putin Prepare to Meet * Seib Video: Will Putin Help Trump on   Korea? * Russia Probe Taps Broad Range of Expertise
Women's Fund, Championed by Ivanka Trump, to Get $50 Million U.S. Donation
HAMBURG¡X  U.S. will donate $50 million toward a new fund aimed at promoting women entrepreneurs, White House said Saturday, an idea that came from President Donald Trump's daughter and senior adviser, Ivanka Trump.
  Wealth Adviser Briefing: Broker Evaluation, Trading Pit Fight, Smart ATMs; Curated   and analysis for wealth advisers and  ir...
It's time for investors to think again about what  y want and what  y can expect from   professionals who handle  ir accounts and give  m advice, writes  's Funds & ETFs report.
     : Tesla Registrations in Hong Kong Slam to Halt as Government Tax Policy Tightens
What's Next In Venezuela: Lopez Freed, Sunday Vote, Pdvsa Financials?
  government of Venezuela released opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez from prison to house arrest Saturday after he spent   than three years behind bars.
Capital Journal Daybreak: Congress is Back, Pulling Domestic Politics to   Forefront
* Congress is Back, Pulling Domestic Politics to   Forefront * Trump Jr. Met With Russian Claiming to Have Clinton Intel * GOP Rift on Health Bill Widens as Congress Returns
REITS Get 2 Upgrades, Homebuilders Get 2 Downgrades
Mizuho Securities USA tweaked its rating system and   shift resulted in some new recommendations on real estate investment trusts and homebuilders.
    Risk Report: How Brokers, Firms Can Fight Frivolous Finra Complaints
  Financial Industry Regulatory Authority in June 2016 began requiring brokers and registered investment advisors to link to its BrokerCheck site, where consumers can research any complaints filed against  m. While many of those ...
What Banks Should You Buy Ahead Of Earnings?
KBW's Brian Kleinhanzl and Michael Brown have a preview of     quarter for banks, writing that investors should overweight Bank of   (BAC) and Wells Fargo (WFC) and underweight State Street (STT).
Not Just Stocks: Companies Could Use Repatriated Cash to Pay Down Debt
  U.S. companies might buy back bonds than shares if potential tax code changes make it attractive to bring home  ir overseas earnings.
     : Microsoft Brings   Cloud to   Customer
    Ledger: Companies Could Use Repatriated Cash to Pay Down Debt
Sign up for     Ledger,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal. All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
 re's Even an ETF for Companies That Sponsor Pro Sports
 re were already exchange-traded funds for everythingfrom whiskey to drones to 3-D printing. Now, investors have an option to choose companies that partner with professional sports leagues.
Emerging Market ETFs Hit Fresh Highs: Thanks, Fed
So much for   cynics worried that rising U.S. interest rates will sour investment in emerging markets:   biggest exchange-traded funds invested in developing economies reached fresh 52-week highs Wednesday as U.S. indexes reached highs ...
 's Daily Shot: Will a Tight Job Market Force Productivity Gains?
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
  Wealth Adviser Briefing: ETFs Vs. Mutual Funds
Exchange-traded funds and actively managed mutual funds are competing to see which can gain   most business as   result of   recently passed fiduciary rule.
Delta Slips On Disappointing Q2 Earnings
Delta Air Lines (DAL) is lower Thursday,  ing its downbeat earnings report.   company said it earned $1.64 per share, below   $1.66 analysts were expecting. Revenues rose 3.3% year over year to $10.79 billion, also just shy of   ...
President Trump and French President Macron   conference: live blog recap
Read a recap of a   conference between Presidents Donald Trump and Emmanuel Macron, as live-blogged by MarketWatch's Robert Schroeder. 1:21 pm
Videogames Might Be Keeping Young Men Out of   Workforce
 's young men are increasingly giving up on work in order to slay virtual aliens and fight videogame wars, new research suggests. Academics from Princeton University,   University of Chicago and   University of Rochester say ...
Capital Journal Daybreak: Conservative Groups Are Getting Restless as Health Bill Slogs
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's summary of     this  . Reach him at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your inbox
CFOs Remain Optimistic, with a Focus on Offense Over Defense: CFO Signals
Deloitte's CFO Signals survey for     quarter of 2017 reveals chief financial officers representing many of    's largest and most influential companies continue to be optimistic about   current and future states of major...

     : IT Now Expected to Drive Revenue, Not Cost Cuts, Gartner Forecaster Says
It's Not Just Tech Stocks Powering This Rally
It's   than just a few stocks supporting   equity market's run to fresh records.   Dow industrials inched up on Thursday to a fresh high,  ir 24th of   year.   S&P 500 had its   highest close ever.   continued gains come ...
Why Pepsi's Earnings Could Be Bad   For Coke
PepsiCo (PEP) fell in   wake of its  -quarter earnings, and   specifics of   quarter may be bad   for rival Coca-Cola (KO), warns Cowen & Co.
Bank Stocks Are Having  ir Worst Day in Almost Two Months
Investors have had plenty of data to digest on Friday between earnings for some of   biggest U.S. banks and   latest weak inflation, and bank stocks are taking   brunt of   punishment so far.
What Your CEO Is Reading: Designing Around AI's 'Black Box'; Flash Organizations; Nature's End
Every week, CIO Journal offers a glimpse into   mind of   CEO, whose view of technology is shaped by stories in management journals, general interest magazines and, of course, in-flight publications.
J.P. Morgan, Wells Fargo and Citi Report 2Q Earnings ¡X Live Analysis
Once again, bank earnings season is here. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., Wells Fargo & Co., Citigroup Inc. and PNC Financial Services Inc. reported Friday  .
    Ledger: CBO Challenges White House on Deficit, Growth Projections
Sign up for     Ledger,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal. All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
    Risk Report: Hybrid AGMs Go Way of   Physical Meeting
  number of U.S. companies hosting online-only annual general meetings continued to rise in 2017 despite opposition from some influential investors. Some governance experts are suggesting corporates offer a combination of audio or video ...
India Facebook Users Surpass U.S.: Is It Demonetization, Apple?
With 241 million active Facebook (FB) users, India has surpassed   United States user base. Facebook reported a "potential audience" of 241 million active users in 
How Much of Your Company's Stock Is Too Much?
  perennial question about company stock in 401(k) and o r retirement plans is timely again. On June 15 and 16, shares in Kroger Co.,   Cincinnati-based supermarket holding company, fell   than 26%, largely on     that ...
Facebook Bids for Indian Premier League
Facebook (FB) bid around $600 million for   rights to stream Indian Premier League cricket, one of   world's biggest sports franchises in terms of viewership.
U.S. Urges Action Against   Korea,  
Good  . Here's a look at what's going on in Washington. Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your inbox.
Patterson-UTI: Out of Bed¡Kand Into an Upgrade?
  price of oil is rising today--so don't be surprised that oilfield-services stocks like Patterson-UTI Energy (PTEN), Halliburton (HAL), Schlumberger (SLB), Nabors Industries (NBR), and Helmerich & Payne (HP) all gaining at least 1.8% ...
Fund Performance Recap: Quality and Growth Lead
U.S. stocks underperformed bonds and gold as volatility got a little   traction in August. It was clearly a risk-off month. Uncertainty with   Korea and Washington D.C. politics rattled investors.   CBOE Volatility Index or   VIX...
Wall Street Migrates to 'T+2¡¬ Settlements
Anybody who sold shares Tuesday is guaranteed to receive cash for  ir trade by Thursday -- a day earlier than any point during   past two decades.
Corruption Currents: Azerbaijan Strikes Back at Laundering Accusations
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
    Ledger: SEC Chairman Wants Investors To Better Understand Cyberrisks
Sign up for     Ledger ,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal . All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
Three Takeaways on Trump's DACA Decision
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's   take, and a summary of   top   this  . Contact Josh at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your ...
Crisis of   Week: Nestle Confronts Source of Bottled Water Brouhaha
This is a weekly commentary by external experts. Nestle SA takes a dip in   crisis pool this week after its     water unit was accused of fraud in how it markets   company's Poland Spring brand of bottled water.   lawsuit by ...
White House Names 12 Harvey Relief Groups Receiving Trump's Personal Donations
President Donald Trump personally donated a total of $1 million to 12 charities engaged in Hurricane Harvey relief in Texas and Louisiana,   White House said Wednesday.
Midmarket Investing in Emerging Tech
With an eye on enhancing customer engagement, midmarket companies are making new technology an investment priority, according to a Deloitte survey.
Riding a Synchronized Recovery: Global CFO Signals
With a synchronized economic recovery apparently underway, CFOs seem to be enjoying   ride, according to   most recent Deloitte Global CFO Signals report from Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. In fact, many CFOs in   nine surveys ...
  Wealth Adviser Briefing: Risks of Alternatives, Adviser Profile; Curated   and analysis for wealth advisers and  ir clients from...
When it comes to including a hot alternative investment in a client portfolio -- or yours -- forget about FOMO.   risk of missing out, Plancorp investment chief Peter Lazaroff writes in     Experts blog, is in   potential downside, ...
    Ledger: Multinationals Fight for  ir Margins in  
Sign up for     Ledger,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal. All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
    Risk Report: U.K. Companies Begin Gender Pay Gap Reporting
U.K. companies have started to disclose publicly  ir employees' pay by gender for   first time, in an exercise to bring awareness to   disparity between men's and women's compensation.   requirement doesn't carry a risk of a ...
  Must-Reads: Irma Aims for Florida, Fed Maneuvers, Amazon's New HQ
  Must Reads are part of   Journal's   MoneyBeat  letter. To receive    letter via email, click here. Irma Batters Caribbean, Takes Aim at Florida: Hurricane Irma walloped several islands in   nor ast Caribbean, killing...
Stocks to Watch: Amazon, P&G, GE, Square, GoPro, RH
Among   companies with shares expected to trade actively in Thursday's session are Amazon.com Inc., Procter & Gamble Co., General Electric Co., Square Inc., GoPro Inc. and RH,   parent of Restoration Hardware .
Brazil Economy In 'Great Rotation', Buy Cyclical Stocks?
Brazil's corruption investigations and political turmoil have  ed so long, it is easy to be cynical about   investing opportunity. But with   economy set to double   pace of expansion in 2018, Bank of   Merrill Lynch spies an...
  City PM: Euro Spikes as ECB Stands Pat, May Faces Major Brexit Hurdle, Why   'Norway Option' Won't Help
Good afternoon from     City desks in London.   City is   app that delivers fast, smart   on mobile for London.   for iPhone or
Hurricane Irma Pounds Caribbean ETF, 7 Bonds At Risk, Airlines Higher
While   Herzfeld Caribbean Basin Fund (CUBA) is down about 3% this week as massive Hurricane Irma leaves unprecedented destruction on a path to   Florida Coast, three Latin  n airline companies serving   region are bouncing ...
     : EU Defense Ministers Stage Massive Cyber War Game
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  . European Union defense ministers staged a massive cyber war game on Thursday, simulating an ...
Corporate Tech Teams Prep for Hurricane Irma; Companies in some cases are deploying emergency systems and procedures tested   month...
Corporate technology groups at firms across sou rn Florida are loading up on food, water, cots and extra information-technology equipment, as  y gird for Hurricane Irma.
Fitch Downgrades Venezuela Banks: No Government Backbone
Fitch Ratings lowered its long-term issuer rating on six of Venezuela's largest banks to CC from CCC late Thursday after downgrading Venezuela's sovereign credit rating and predicting a probable debt default.
Investors Aren't Putting  ir Money Where  ir Morals Are
Socially responsible investing continues to capture interest, but not assets. Almost half of exchange-traded fund investors think it's important to align  ir portfolios with  ir beliefs, yet only one in 10 is currently invested in ...
Hurricane Irma Pounds Caribbean ETF, 7 Bonds At Risk, Airlines Higher
While   Herzfeld Caribbean Basin Fund (CUBA) is down about 3% this week as massive Hurricane Irma leaves unprecedented destruction on a path to   Florida Coast, three Latin  n airline companies serving   region are bouncing ...
Corruption Currents: Europol Seeks Action After Record Number of Money-
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
  Wealth Adviser Briefing: Simplicity in Investing, Financial (Ill)Literacy; Curated   and analysis for wealth advisers and  ir...
Although investing in what you know and can explain is a simple concept, Morgan Stanley adviser Jim Spiro finds that many new clients bring portfolios larded up with too many investments.
    Ledger: How Companies Deal With   Fallout From Hurricane Harvey
Sign up for     Ledger,   to you each    .   us on Twitter: @CFOJournal. All CFO Journal-produced content can be accessed without a subscription.
     : Equifax Breach Puts Social Security Number at Center of Digital Identity Crisis
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  .   massive data breach at credit-reporting giant Equifax Inc. is one of   "biggest and most...
  Must-Reads: Irma Looms, Equifax Breach, Misplaced Confidence About Retirement
  Must Reads are part of   Journal's   MoneyBeat  letter. To receive    letter via email, click here. Back-to Back Hurricanes to Test FEMA:   one-two punch of successive hurricanes, with a possible third in   offing, is...
Square:   Latest Fintech Moving Into Banking
Earlier this week, Square (SQ) told   Wall Street Journal that it wants to get into banking, with   fintech firm applying to form a wholly owned bank based in Utah.
Bank Stocks 'Are A Bargain' Right Now
Oppenheimer's Chris Kotowski and his team take a look at   financial sector this  , writing that   bank stocks are back to trading as bond proxies at this point--and that's an opportunity for investors.
Huawei Overtakes Apple In Smartphone Sales¡VFor Now
We just learned this week that Huawei overtook Apple (AAPL) to be   world's   largest smartphone maker, for   months of June and July. (Samsung Electronics (005930KS) of course is still in   lead.)
3 Experts: After   Yuan Makes A Move, What's Next?
 's renminbi,   yuan, showed signs overnight of reversing months of strength against   U.S. dollar. A rapid ascent in     yuan (CNY) has resulted in   highest Sharpe Ratio, a measure of returns relative to   risk-free ...
Trump-Schumer-Pelosi: A New Order in Washington?
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's   take, and a summary of   top   this  . Contact Josh at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your ...
     : Equifax Hack Raises Prospect of Counterparty Cyber Risk for Corporations
* Sign up here for      , and get   most important   in business technology   to you each    . Good  .   massive hack of credit-reporting company Equifax Inc. underscores   disturbing extent to...
Falling U.S. Dollar Could Help Tech Supply Chain Earnings
  dollar has been weakening this summer, especially agains   euro, and Stifel's Mat w Sheerin and his team take a look at how that will affect   tech supply companies in  ir coverage.
  Momentum Is Seeping Out of Financial Stocks
Financial stocks are having a rough run this week, with banks getting hit hard by falling rates and insurer stocks getting hammered by   expected impact of ano r hurricane.
  City PM: Investors Weigh Irma's Impact, May Faces Narrow Brexit Vote, What to Expect from Apple's Launch
Good afternoon from     City desks in London.   City is   app that delivers fast, smart   on mobile for London.   for iPhone or
EM Funds Dominated Hedge Fund Gains   Month
eVestment is out with its tally of   hedge fund industry in August, writing that emerging markets continue to dominate. Hedge funds gained an average 0.74%   month, bringing   average year-to-date return to 5.47%. That's   ...
Gold Is Off Monday but BAML Says Buy as a Hedge
 ing a weekend in which worst didn't come to worst, gold is slumping while risk assets such as stocks are rebounding. After rallying   week as a safe haven ahead of Hurricane Irma's landfall in   U.S. and fears of ano r nuclear ...
  Energy Tentacles Streng n In Latin   BP Venture
British oil producer and refiner BP (BP) said it form a new joint venture partly backed by   oil-and-gas producer Cnooc (0883.HK and CEO).
Expect   Digital Bundles From Media Companies
  week, Spotify and Hulu announced that eligible college studnets will be able to receive Spotify Premium for Students and Hulu in one bundle that costs $4.99 per month (below   roughly $13 that both standalone services would cost).
Low-Volatility ETFs Can Help Investors Ride Out A Market Pullback
Barron's Blogs, 2017 ¦~ 9 ¤ë 11 ¤é 12:34, 298 ¦r, By Teresa Rivas, (­^¤å)
Historically,   month of September can see some shakeups in   stock market, but   fourth quarter is generally one of gains--meaning that investors shouldn't get spooked and pull out of  ir investments, even if  re is a pullback in...
Questions About Equifax Breach Are Still Open
  fallout from   week's Equifax Inc. data breach continued Monday as customer complaints continued to pile up and regulators urged consumers to freeze  ir credit reports. Equifax updated its website to reflect potential impact from ...
OPEC's Output Edges Down¡XEnergy Journal
Here's your   jolt of  , insight and analysis on   global energy business. Send us tips, suggestions and complaints: EnergyJournal@ .com
CIOs Have a Responsibility to Hire for Diversity
  lack of diversity among   nation's 5.4 million tech workers continues to haunt   information technology profession. Human resource executives say an unconscious bias among hiring managers is to blame. Some believe diversity bias is ...
Delivering Alpha live blog recap: Bubbles, bitcoin and   potential for a stock-market pullback
Here's a recap of MarketWatch's live blog of   Delivering Alpha conference in New York, including highlights from speakers including Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, hedge fund manager Ray Dalio and J.P.Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon.
3 Mexico Must-Reads: Mad At Trump, But Nafta On Track?
  iShares MSCI Mexico Capped exchange-traded fund (EWW) is weak over   past week as sou rn states recover from a deadly and devastating earthquake.
White House Call to Mexico Delayed Again; Defense Secretary Jim Mattis will visit Mexico City on Friday,   first to participate in Mexican...
WASHINGTON¡XPresident Donald Trump attempted to call Mexico's president on Tuesday to express condolences after a powerful earthquake  re on Thursday left at least 90 dead, but technical reasons prevented   call from going through, a ...
Corruption Currents: Brazil Police Accuse President Temer of Corruption
A daily roundup of corruption   from across   Web. We also provide a daily roundup of important risk & compliance stories via our daily  letter,     Risk Report, which readers can sign up for here .   us on Twitter at ...
  Biggest Loser: Equifax Drops 15%¡Kand Rightfully So
Equifax (EFX) tumbled to   bottom of   S&P 500 today as criticism of   company's response to   hacking that could have exposed   data of   than 140 million people continued.
An Early Barometer on Tax Reform Emerges:   Estate Tax; Amid many sticking points on an overhaul of   tax code,   parties disagree...
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's   take, and a summary of   top  . Contact Josh at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your inbox.
  City PM: Juncker Sets Out EU's Post-Brexit Vision, Investment Banks Face Ano r Year to Forget
Good afternoon from     City desks in London.   City is   app that delivers fast, smart   on mobile for London.   for iPhone or
Survey Roundup: Privacy Concerns Top Business Drone Use Risks
A look at some recent surveys and reports dealing with risk and compliance issues. Send links of surveys and reports to ben.dipietro@ .com.
Brexit & Beyond: EU Champions Free Trade, U.K. Real Wages Fall, Merkel's Russia Policy in Focus
Brexit & Beyond: Europe in Flux is   Wall Street Journal's round-up of   and analysis of how Brexit will affect global business, economies and finance. You can sign up here.
Red-Hot Bitcoin, Down for Sixth Straight Day, Looking Suddenly Bearish
It's a week of   long knives for bitcoin. Bitcoin fell on Wednesday, for a sixth straight day, as   sector continues to work out   ramifications of a   ban on domestic exchanges and its dizzying 2017 gains come under fresh ...
Lattice:   Buy of FPGA Maker Blocked By Trump on Security Grounds
Shares of chip maker Lattice Semiconductor (LSCC) are down 6 cents, or 1%, at $5.65, in late trading, after Bloomberg's David McLaughlin and Jennifer Jacobs reported this afternoon that President Donald J. Trump has blocked   company's ...
Argentina Bonds: "Vulnerable" to Selling?
Argentina returned to global capital markets with gusto after   newly-elected market friendly government resolved investor payments on defaulted debt   year, but now   market may be saturated with bonds.
 's Daily Shot: Investors Hoping for a Repatriation Holiday; Less Certain of Tax Rate Cuts
To receive   Daily Shot  letter in your inbox, please sign up at our Email Center. Have questions, feedback or comments? Contact author Lev.Borodovsky@DowJones.com.
Will Tax Changes Be Bipartisan, or Republican-Only?
Good  . Here's Joshua Jamerson's summary of   top   this  . Contact Josh at Joshua.Jamerson@ .com and   him @joshjame . Click here to get   Capital Journal Daybreak  letter delivered to your inbox.
  Corporate Debt Spigot Is Open
  corporate bond issuance machine is picking back up. Top-rated issuers, excluding financials, issued almost $86 billion in August,   most in three months, and are on pace to issue a similar amount in September, according to Dealogic.
Battery Players Ramp Up As Electric Vehicle Demand Grows
Oppenheimer's Colin Rusch and his team attended   Battery Show in Michigan this week, which comes at a tumultuous time in   industry, as   may potentially phase out internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles and autonomous vehicles ...
Harvard Business School's Latest Case Study Looks at  n Politics and Finds a Rigged System;   political-industrial complex has taken...
  U.S. political system isn't broken. It's working exactly   way   two main parties designed it. That's   conclusion of a new Harvard Business School study. Authors Ka rine Gehl, former president and CEO of Gehl Foods, and Michael ...
Miners Slump as South Africa Stalls New Charter
South Africa's new mining charter, designed to give black communities   rights in ownership, employment and redistribution of revenues, has been shelved until December, sending shares of mining companies lower.
  Hot Stock: Chesapeake Energy Climbs 4.1%
Chesapeake Energy (CHK) soared to   top of   S&P 500 today as oil and natural gas prices rose today. Chesapeake Energy gained 4.1% to $4.10 today, while   S&P 500 declined 0.1% to 2495.62.   Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLE) ...
Electric Vehicles: A Trigger For Traditional Automakers' Collapse?
  than half of consumers would be willing to buy an electric vehicle   next time  y go car shopping, and  re's reason to think that EVs will dominate   auto market sooner than you think and  y're moving into trucking as well.
  Biggest Loser: Tiffany Tumbles 4.8%
Tiffany (TIF) tumbled to   bottom of   S&P 500 today after   Qatar Investment 
uthority sold 4.4 million shares of   luxury jeweler.
 
